about.md, before:

---
layout: page
section: about
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a recent graduate of Scripps College, a tiny liberal arts women's college, and am pursuing a career in software engineering by attending the first batch of [Holberton School](https://www.holbertonschool.com/), located in San Francisco, CA. 

I like to make things, including but not limited to the activities of crochet, ceramics, batik scarf-dying, and coding. I also enjoy watching Cry Plays and Asian recipe videos on youtube, and want to learn lots of languages! Lastly, but not leastly, I spend a lot of time feeling complicated about politics and my affinity for social justice. V●ᴥ●V

### I'm a fan of these story-telling mediums:

Some favorites listed because I can't resist!

* sci-fi/fantasy  (Tamora Pierce, Howard L. Myers, David Weber)
* graphic novels
* josei manga  (Futago, Balancing Toy, Kuragehime, Nodame Cantabile; other genres: Strobe Edge, Solanin, Oyasumi Punpun)
* anime  (Ergo Proxy, Zegapain, Shinsekai Yori, Uchuu no Stellvia, Air (TV), Azumanga Daioh)
* visual novels  (ever17, flanca, Ballad of the Evening Butterfly, planetarian, narcissu, "don't take it personally, babe, it's just not your story")
* interactive fiction  (photopia)
* jrpgs  (Chrono Cross)

### Youtube videos I like:
* [Cry Plays: Ib](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksT_jBJ5gAQ&list=PLC46A92C35A2FA322)
* [Sweet Tales (Amai no Hanashi)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S6LhWJE2N8&list=PLWaWjtPdYdGozyyG--akQHCYYtMU0DEUG)
* [Cooking with Dog](https://www.youtube.com/user/cookingwithdog/featured) (not what you think!)
* [maangchi cooking videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/Maangchi)
* [Hey! It's Mosogourmet!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCQUMAD-Jao)
* [runnyrunny98](https://www.youtube.com/user/runnyrunny999)
* [Dancingchef Kumigar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbywaP6uRfg)

### Contact me: [twitter](https://twitter.com/electra_chong)

Commit message:

Add some more info to about page

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
section: about
permalink: /about/
---

## About
This is the personal website of Electra Chong.

## About me

I'm a recent graduate of Scripps College, a tiny liberal arts women's college, and am pursuing a career in software engineering by attending the first batch of [Holberton School](https://www.holbertonschool.com/), located in San Francisco, CA. 

I like to make things, including but not limited to the activities of crochet, ceramics, batik scarf-dying, and coding. I also enjoy watching Cry Plays and Asian recipe videos on youtube, and want to learn lots of languages! Lastly, but not leastly, I spend a lot of time feeling complicated about politics and my affinity for social justice. V●ᴥ●V

### I'm a fan of these story-telling mediums:

Some favorites listed because I can't resist!

* sci-fi/fantasy  (Tamora Pierce, Howard L. Myers, David Weber)
* graphic novels
* josei manga  (Futago, Balancing Toy, Kuragehime, Nodame Cantabile; other genres: Strobe Edge, Solanin, Oyasumi Punpun)
* anime  (Ergo Proxy, Zegapain, Shinsekai Yori, Uchuu no Stellvia, Air (TV), Azumanga Daioh)
* visual novels  (ever17, flanca, Ballad of the Evening Butterfly, planetarian, narcissu, "don't take it personally, babe, it's just not your story")
* interactive fiction  (photopia)
* jrpgs  (Chrono Cross)

### Youtube videos I like:
* [Cry Plays: Ib](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksT_jBJ5gAQ&list=PLC46A92C35A2FA322)
* [Sweet Tales (Amai no Hanashi)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S6LhWJE2N8&list=PLWaWjtPdYdGozyyG--akQHCYYtMU0DEUG)
* [Cooking with Dog](https://www.youtube.com/user/cookingwithdog/featured) (not what you think!)
* [maangchi cooking videos](https://www.youtube.com/user/Maangchi)
* [Hey! It's Mosogourmet!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCQUMAD-Jao)
* [runnyrunny98](https://www.youtube.com/user/runnyrunny999)
* [Dancingchef Kumigar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbywaP6uRfg)

### Contact me: [twitter](https://twitter.com/electra_chong)
